#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via pip-tools
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via pytest-cov
crispy-bulma==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-openid
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   crispy-bulma
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-filter
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-tables2-bulma-template
    #   sentry-sdk
django-allauth==0.61.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   crispy-bulma
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter-stubs==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-stubs[compatible-mypy]==4.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==4.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
django-tables2==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-tables2-bulma-template
django-tables2-bulma-template==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework-stubs==3.14.5
    # via django-filter-stubs
djhtml==3.0.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
faker==24.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   django-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
requests==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
ruff==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sentry-sdk[django]==2.19.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
types-cachetools==5.3.0.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-dj-database-url==1.3.0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240203
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240311
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.20240403
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
types-setuptools==69.2.0.20240317
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mypy
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
